fix nonCachedTokens zero-value behavior description in docs (#871)
llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler: docs/disaggregation.md

**Parameter:**

- `nonCachedTokens`: Number of non-cached tokens that trigger disaggregation

>   - If set to 0, disaggregation never occurs for all requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If set to 0, disaggregation never occurs for any request
```
